hello today I would like to introduce
ginger and how teacher can be very
helpful for this year cold season as
well as a very good relief for any type
of motion sickness at any time of the
year of course you could go out and get
any type of drugs for the common cold or
motion sickness but I would caution you
on this side I would prefer to stay away
from some of these commercial drugs just
because they have certain side effects
and they're not really good for you and
of course to save some money from the
TPT drug company from getting rich or a
doctor from getting rich as well of
course I'm not saying that I don't like
doctors doctors of course are very
helpful and especially if you do have
any type of allergy or health problem
serious or moderate of our problems I
would go consult to a please consult a
doctor if you do have any type of up
moderate or not non not serious health
condition before attempting any type of
herbal alternatives I like all herbal
teas ginger tea is very easy to make and
it much simpler even much simpler to
make coffee and much cheaper than coffee
as well ginger like garlic is a favorite
of ours and it's often available in our
kitchens and it's relatively available
and very very useful we drink ginger tea
to help the digestive process anytime a
meal does not sit right offer one cup of
ginger tea will be sufficient to calm
the digestive process right away as I
said ginger is a herb of choice for any
type of motion sickness at any time of
the year you can carry along some ginger
candy or put this ginger tea that I'm
about to tell you how to make in a
thermos and take it along for road trips
and to relieve
your motion sickness ginger is also
great when you have a cold and when you
are when you feel cold or keeping your
circulation going at warming yourself we
find one point of classroom that first
ginger is warming while dry cleaner is
hot and two ever used for very very
different purposes let's talk today
about fresh ginger and how you can make
fresh ginger tea for either your motion
sickness or for your common cold all
right let's get started shall we all
right let's start with what you need you
need some ginger so few red dates some
water and some sugar to taste a cleaver
and a big pot first of all you want to
wash the ginger very well and your red
dates then to place the ginger
underneath your cleaver under your
chopping block and crush the ginger
after you cross the ginger you want to
cut the ginger into small pieces red
it's red dates are actually very
interesting they're in Chinese it's
called homes are also known as red date
or Chinese red dates Japanese nuts in
May or in English into the bay and they
have a very delicate sweet taste and
they're good for sore throats also in
Chinese medicine and Tory medicine
they've been known to be a relief for
stress but there's not too many clinical
research a lot add all your ingredients
to your pot and add some water and bring
to a boil until nice golden color is
obtained and of course a very nice
dinner smells also obtained
and use once your brought to boil reduce
the heat add brown sugar and simmer for
further 20 to 30 minutes or until water
is golden brown then you're ready to
drink one point I'd like to make is that
you will need to adjust the amount of
sugar to your liking and I would
probably start with approximately a
quarter cup and that should be minimal
that it will change it won't be too
overpowering for you
another version of dziedzic tea is also
available at on our website at HTTP
colon forward slash forces pit bi t dot
ly / force on ginger tea there are also
products there that you can buy there as
well if you enjoyed this video please
come below and share the love on twitter
and facebook and your encouragement your
comments will be encouraged me to
further make more videos thank you very
much for watching